Babel is a transpiler (converting from typescript to javascript) and from JSX to javascript
React is responsible for creating components in memory
Actual DOM is when the react dom renders
import React from 'react' => this import is used to convert jsx to javascript.(React.createElement)
Nodejs is an interpreted language. Used for bundling and minified the project. 
Webpack library runs all the buildtools like babel for converting jsx to js and also use sass loader for scss files
Babel is a tool used by webpack. Babel is a transpiler whereas webpack is bundler
dist is a distribution folder which contains all html , css and js files code

webpack-cli : it will call the webpack library
dist : distribution

Pure functions never mutate the global state and also if we give same args are same output will be same

Setting up react project from scratch
-------------------------------------
npm init
npm install webpack
npm install -D webpack = to install webpack in dev dependencies
npm install babel-loader
npm install babel @babel/preset-react
npm install webpack-cli
then include webpack.config.js file which contains entry point of the app and also has rules like js files are run using babel loader
npm install react-dom
npm install sass-loader sass webpack --save-dev => for using scss files
also install style-loader and css-loader 

npm install @babel/core@7 @babel/preset-env@7

nvm - node version manager. It enables us to have multiple versions of node in our system
nvm use versionname
to know list of versionnames : nvm ls
node-sass is a preprocessor. node-sass does not work with version 15.
sass transpiles to css
jsx transpiles to js
node-sass is implementation of transpilation of sass to css whereas sass-loader loads this implementation into webpack
.scss file using style-loader and css-loader will be included in dist/main.js file and it renders a css on the fly within the broser.
sass loader converts scss to css, css loader converts css to JS representation, style loader converts that JS into style tags
BEM - Block Element Modifier

Approach:
----------
Logic
State
Presentation

React elements are part of virtual dom. HTML elements will be in actual dom

Color Palettes:
---------------
color hunt website
coolors website

when the content is not of semantic importance we use ::after and ::before

place-items = <'align-items'> <'justify-items'>?  
translate3d = tx ty tz

httpstatuses.com

ORM:
----
Object Relational Mapping
Cassandra - RDBMS + Document 
Converting a class object into a particular encoded format(like string) and sent over internet to client is called Serialization.
MIME types(Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions ) - content type/json, html, application

we use sequelize orm

the sole responsibility of the serializer is tp convert the database data into a json